Reword “What is Kubernetes?” topic (#34037)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/what-is-kubernetes.md

Kubernetes provides you with:

* **Service discovery and load balancing**

> Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using their own IP address. If traffic to a container is high, Kubernetes is able to load balance and distribute the network traffic so that the deployment is stable.

Reviewer: My two cents: I find the original text somewhat easier to understand, but also like some of the new content.
Kubernetes exposes a container using the DNS [domain] name or the container's IP address. If network traffic to a container is high, Kubernetes can distribute and load balance the traffic across containers.

Author: So What do you think should the final output be focused upon?

> Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using their own IP address.When there are multiple containers backing a service, Kubernetes is able to load balance and distribute the network traffic. Load balancing helps ensure that a workload can stay available even if one container stops working, or during deployments.

Reviewer 2: The space is missing.
```diff
-their own IP address.When there are multiple
+their own IP address. When there are multiple
```

Author: Please review now. It has been solved.

> Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using their own IP address. When there are multiple containers backing a service, Kubernetes is able to load balance and distribute the network traffic. Load balancing helps ensure that a workload can stay available even if one container stops working, or during deployments.

Author: @reylejano But if we look at the original content, It was somewhat difficult to understand it as such that's why this issue was raised.

> Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using their own IP address. When there are multiple containers backing a service, Kubernetes is able to load balance and distribute the network traffic. Load balancing helps ensure that a workload can stay available even if one container stops working, or during deployments.

Reviewer 3: As a SIG, we're keen to see the original issue fixed. However, this page is really important and tweaks to the wording here need to be just right.

The audience for this page is learning about Kubernetes but doesn't know what Kubernetes is. Even people who are experienced with Kubernetes - I'd count myself amongst them - struggle to find exactly the right nuances on some pages, and this is one of them.

> Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using their own IP address. When there are multiple containers backing a service, Kubernetes is able to load balance and distribute the network traffic. Load balancing helps ensure that a workload can stay available even if one container stops working, or during deployments.

Reviewer 4: WDYT @sftim  @reylejano @NitishKumar06 ?

```suggestion
Kubernetes can expose a container using the DNS name or using its own IP address. If multiple containers are backing a service, Kubernetes can distribute the network traffic and balance the load across containers. This helps avoid the risk of a single point of failure and ensures that the deployment is stable.
```

Reviewer 5: I like @divya-mohan0209 's [suggestion](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/34037#discussion_r886434881).

Author: @reylejano Infact same here! I have applied the changes as @divya-mohan0209 suggested!
